to the black audience watching this i
think it's extremely
important to remember your feelings are
absolutely valid and this is a perfect
opportunity to really express that
obviously we need to do that in a
very safe environment but also ensure
that we take care of ourselves first
[Music]
in the recent lockdown and the death of
george floyd many black people have been
experiencing burnout
burner is where you might be feeling
disconnected symptoms can present in
many ways it could be physical
or emotional we might feel the lack of
appetite comfort eating
feeling sad and tearful more than usual
lack
of trust in the political system feeling
constant panic
and worry feeling extremely powerless
feeling unable to help anybody because
you have no energy yourself many of us
will be experiencing flashbacks memories
of us experiencing racism we could be
triggered
just by watching the news unfortunately
because of all these difficulties
many of us black people have a tendency
to live in this space of survival mode
we're not living
or enjoying life we are constantly
surviving trying to stay alive
[Music]
it's extremely important that we name
our feelings
if we are upset we acknowledge that we
are upset if we want to cry
that we do actually make the space to
cry in the black community
especially our black men we are still
struggling to show our vulnerability
however
in this very difficult time it's
important that we release these feelings
if you're angry and frustrated it's
absolutely valid and you have the right
to be heard
i feel black people specifically that we
need to always edit
or tone down our anger and this is a
perfect opportunity to really express
that
[Music]
identify one or two individuals you
trust these are the people you would
call
when you are feeling overwhelmed
stressed
sad is extremely important that someone
acknowledges
or hears your pain
[Music]
this can be extremely triggering for all
of us due to the images
and some of the statements that we are
reading some of the tips for this will
be
just muting some of the keywords from
your social media
and minimizing your time of watching the
news even if it's
a few hours of the day or maybe for a
few days of the week
create a bit of time to exercise and
meditate i know what i mean by that
meditation i mean
it just means five minutes just to
yourself or 20 minutes whatever suits
you best
and in terms of exercise i don't mean we
all run
to the gym and exercise for two hours it
could mean anything that suits you best
as long as you're moving
for many this has been really difficult
time
some can't even get out of their beds or
connect with others
but one thing you can do for yourself
when you when you are in that situation
is to be very kind and loving to
yourself to do one thing
for yourself whether that is just
getting up to brush your teeth
having a hot bath drinking tea being
loving to yourself
[Music]
one thing i absolutely love doing is
actually
creating a happiness jar for layla and i
have things like
having coffee with my friends organizing
dinner parties at home again
getting my nails done fantasizing about
the holidays i want to go to
it gives me something to look forward to
because i want you all to remember
i know this is a very difficult time but
this will pass
this will absolutely pass and we will
just go back to our jazz and see what we
will be doing after this
[Music]
you